Challenge everyone to enter the flowing water into the clouds
Only sell tonight Tianlong will be lost.
How could you lose?
I know, look at you.
Did you steal it secretly? Sorry.
Secretly give you that trash money
Is it you, Liu Shao, Liu Shao?
How dare we?
Even if we have the heart of thieves, we don't have the courage.
You you you
Yes, Mr. Liu
Look at Grandpa's list
Brushed a full 2 billion
How is that possible?
2 billion where did you get that kind of money?
2 billion just the limit of live PK
It's not the limit I added first in the live stream.
Now fulfill your promise
Give me three prayers and nine knocks
Tell everyone in my live stream first
Kowtow fuck
Xie Ye, how about I use it without kowtowing?
Hurt me dead kowtow man
He's not even born yet.
Humph live and go
I turn off my phone now
What can you do to me?
I wonder if Zhang Shang has ever heard a sentence
Ask Yama to let you die three times
I won't keep you until the fifth watch.
Ahhhh!